README.md, before:

<!-- Add banner here -->

# BuyCoins Frotnend Enginner Application

![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/navendu-pottekkat/awesome-readme?include_prereleases)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/navendu-pottekkat/awesome-readme)

<!-- Describe your project in brief -->

This project was made in order to fufill one of the requirements for the application of a Frontend Engineering position at [**BuyCoins**](https://buycoins.africa/)

### Share on Twitter
![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnavendu.me%2Fnsfw-filter%2Findex.html)
# Demo-Preview

<!-- Add a demo for your project -->

<!-- After you have written about your project, it is a good idea to have a demo/preview(**video/gif/screenshots** are good options) of your project so that people can know what to expect in your project. You could also add the demo in the previous section with the product description.

Here is a random GIF as a placeholder.

![Random GIF](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZVik7pBtu9dNS/giphy.gif) -->

# Table of contents

<!-- After you have introduced your project, it is a good idea to add a **Table of contents** or **TOC** as **cool** people say it. This would make it easier for people to navigate through your README and find exactly what they are looking for.

Here is a sample TOC(*wow! such cool!*) that is actually the TOC for this README. -->

- [Project Title](#project-title)
- [Demo-Preview](#demo-preview)
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)
- [Footer](#footer)

# Installation
[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

To run this project on your local machine:,
- Clone the repo to your local machine
- Install Live Server VSCode extension [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)
- Go to the index.html file
- Right click inside the file
- Click open with live server
  - The extension will automatically open the page on your browser


# Development
[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

This is the place where you give instructions to developers on how to modify the code.

You could give **instructions in depth** of **how the code works** and how everything is put together.

You could also give specific instructions to how they can setup their development environment.

Ideally, you should keep the README simple. If you need to add more complex explanations, use a wiki. Check out [this wiki](https://github.com/navendu-pottekkat/nsfw-filter/wiki) for inspiration. 


# Quote
[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)
A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends. - Friedrich Nietzsche

Commit message:

Added demo and developemnt process to the readme
Updated the readme

README.md, after:

<!-- Add banner here -->

# BuyCoins Frotnend Enginner Application

![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/navendu-pottekkat/awesome-readme?include_prereleases)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/navendu-pottekkat/awesome-readme)

<!-- Describe your project in brief -->

This project was made in order to fufill one of the requirements for the application of a Frontend Engineering position at [**BuyCoins**](https://buycoins.africa/).
On the home-page, you can input the registered github username and click on the "find user" button. The website will take the user to the repos page where all the neccessary details about the queried user will be loaded. Including the repositories

### Share on Twitter
![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnavendu.me%2Fnsfw-filter%2Findex.html)
# Demo-Preview

<!-- Add a demo for your project -->

<!-- After you have written about your project, it is a good idea to have a demo/preview(**video/gif/screenshots** are good options) of your project so that people can know what to expect in your project. You could also add the demo in the previous section with the product description -->

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67756784/119285791-b69d2400-bbf7-11eb-98c1-8c262363d83b.mp4

# Table of contents
- [Project Title](#project-title)
- [Demo-Preview](#demo-preview)
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)
- [Footer](#footer)

# Installation
[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

To run this project on your local machine:,
- Clone the repo to your local machine
- Go to the index.html file
- Right click inside the file
- Click open with live server
  - The extension will automatically open the page on your browser


# Development
[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

After following the installation process,
- Create a github personal access token. You see how to do that [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
- Go the root of the project folder and create a "pass.js" file
- Inside the pass.js file copy this => export const PAT = "Your Personal Access Token Goes Here"
- Install Live Server VSCode extension [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)


# Quote
[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)
A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends. - Friedrich Nietzsche
